# guacamole
Final Project Proposal

Our final project is going to be a simulator of chemical reactions that utilizes graphics to illustrate conditions in which certain reactions will and will not occur. We will have either a database of elements or have a different object for each element. The user will be able to combine elements and depending on what happens in real life, we will simulate the appropriate reaction. Each reaction type will be a different class and within each, there will be react methods that take two or more molecules, concentrations, and temperatures Based on real calculations, a reaction will either occur or not occur. Based on the data returned by the reaction class, a graphic window will depict what happens. For example, if titrating a weak acid with a strong base, the graphic window will show an erlenmeyer flask turn from clear to pink. Different reactions will include: synthesis reactions, fission, fusion, combustion and titration. In addition, the user will have the ability to to change the: temperature, number of molecules (Concentrations), and pressure. For extra fun, the user can also choose veggies to mix and chop in order to make BOSS guac.

We are going to use stacks to simulate reaction rates based on rate laws and concentrations. For example, a 10% concentration of molecules will create a stack that’s composed of 10% of those molecules. Every second, a new item will be popped off, and if it is a reactant, then it will react. The elements will also be pushed onto the stack in random order, simulating the randomness of particle collisions in chemical reactions.